2020-04 updates to public website (#91)
RockefellerArchiveCenter/project_electron: content/components.md

## API Gateway and microservices
An API gateway, microservice applications, and supporting libraries which enable integrations between current and future systems and assist in the archival processes of accessioning, preservation, and discovery. Explore [all Project Electron repositories](https://github.com/topics/project-electron) on GitHub.

  - [zodiac](https://github.com/RockefellerArchiveCenter/zodiac): an API gateway and administration interface for Project Electron microservices, managed via a message queue.
  - [ursa major](https://github.com/RockefellerArchiveCenter/ursa_major): discovers and stores bags.
  - [fornax](https://github.com/RockefellerArchiveCenter/fornax): creates Archivematica-compliant Submission Information Packages.
  - [gemini](https://github.com/RockefellerArchiveCenter/gemini): downloads packages from the Archivematica Storage Servicestores and stores them in Fedora.
  - [aquarius](https://github.com/RockefellerArchiveCenter/aquarius): transforms and delivers accessions, archival objects and digital objects to ArchivesSpace.
  - [libra](https://github.com/RockefellerArchiveCenter/libra): generates reports on files and activities in Fedora.

>   - [zorya](https://github.com/RockefellerArchiveCenter/zorya): packages bags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [zorya](https://github.com/RockefellerArchiveCenter/zorya): creates bags from files generated by disk imaging and digitization processes.
```

### Discovery

> - [pisces](https://github.com/RockefellerArchiveCenter/pisces): retrieves and transforms data for discovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [pisces](https://github.com/RockefellerArchiveCenter/pisces): retrieves, merges and transforms data for discovery.
```

> - [scorpio](https://github.com/RockefellerArchiveCenter/scorpio): merges, indexes, and deletes archival data (collections, objects, agents and terms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [scorpio](https://github.com/RockefellerArchiveCenter/scorpio): adds and deletes archival data (collections, objects, agents and terms) from an index.
```
